good afternoon ladies and gentlemen
thank you you're in the how to produce a
quick time listening party session and
basically the concept of an online
listening party was derived from the
idea that bands and labels would invite
a number of folks to create an event out
of the release of an album and with the
sort of advent of streaming live on the
web it's translated off as a marketing
vehicle and a way to sort of have fans
listen to records we're lucky enough to
have several great speakers today some
who flew from los angeles from warner
records and some other folks from our
quicktime team that delivers a lot of
listening parties for labels as well as
one of our server engineers who is going
to give you a sneak peek into how this
is going to be even easier and better
we're going to save QA for the end of
the show and if you do want to ask a
question please use the microphone as
all of the questions need to be
translated into Japanese and recorded on
the DVD and the ADC TV streaming feeds
of these available afterwards so without
further ado I will introduce to bend
Trask from Warner strategic marketing
and rhinoentertainment thank you I'm
from part of Warner Music of our
strategic marketing whether the
catalogue keepers for the group we're
responsible for everything that is that
is old and I'm not quite so old making
sure that the that our great catalog is
is still out there put out in different
ways we're also part of our group is the
licensing group so the 18t commercial
with the Ramones song and that came from
us and we rely sins that track the the
Cadillac campaign with Led Zeppelin that
was that was us convince england
zeppelin that people actually it's good
thing to put your music in commercials
and not just for the insane amount of
money that they can remain
today's the listening parties it's
important part of our website we operate
a few different websites within rhino
the main one is Roy calm and I'm coming
from a slightly different point of view
than then a new release record label
would but our basics are still pretty
much the same Glenn went a little bit of
what a listening party is going back a
little further the the olden days they
had record release parties and it would
be an event basically for industry
people retailers media get them all
around to liquor them up and hand them
copies of the CD or vinyl at that time
and get a good good word spread about
the release the industry doesn't make
quite as much money anymore so I think
that that goes away and it's also
probably not that effective way of
marketing your product so with the
internet getting the actual customers to
be involved in the record release is a
is a pretty good thing rather than the
people that are going to be getting the
city for free anyways so there's two
basic types of listening parties as
they've evolved into today one would be
for a longer duration kind of exposure
and if we could go to the devil machine
one okay example this on our site is a
new artist the product by the article
weekend players came out earlier this
year end of last year and it's a it's
not going to get any airplay and TV is
not going to play it but it's a type of
thing where we feel if a customer can
listen to it enough time we really get
into it it's a really good groove and
it's it's been persistent on the dance
charts and people are really liking it
but it's not the type of setup huge
event it's the kind of thing that we
really want people to be able to come
whenever they want to listen to the
album in full and really get into it and
so when you go to this site the
listening party player will pop up
automatically you can listen to it we
can push around crack you can hear the
entire space played an evolution from
the early days of online listening
parties was that at the beginning you
didn't allow people because the
executives were a little uptight didn't
allow people to pick their tracks that
they wanted to listen to it was a very
limited because if I've ever seen every
substitution now it's evolved a little
bit and certain releases when it's a
longer term experience that you want to
get to get out to the people let them
click through and select which tracks
they want to hear and and we've actually
set this up where you can click through
the tract and they'll keep playing to
the next track and the way we've
produced this one is there actually
separate QuickTime files which I'm
streams that we as a cutie next command
to go to the next file and bring it up
and then this interview is this little
you can start it or you can use you can
use a track chapter tracks to jump
through so that's the the longer term is
a listening parties and then the sort of
more traditional would be a shorter
duration we do on the right accom we
have a weekly listening party is a
different listening party every week the
different different content we'll put it
up and promote it to our partners and
same basic thing it's more to be an
event and to be able to be promoted as
an event it's much harder to promote the
weekend players listening party that's
been going on for last eight months and
get my friend that Apple really excited
about promoting it again this week when
we promoted it last week and the week
before you're probably going to see it
is that it's a hot pick any time soon
but these more event-driven listening
part it's a sort of more traditional
thing where it's it's a window we put it
there up on Thursdays and down on
Wednesdays they're good for promotion
and we prefer this in writer calm for
known material where you don't have to
this this is material in 15 years ago
you liked and listen to and we're now
telling you that it's out in in our new
collection there's some remixes on here
it's some other versions of the songs
you've never heard before let you
experience it but the goal in both the
long term in the short term listening
parties are to go out and buy the desk
we need to know we like to hear but we
really want you to listen to go out and
buy that that's the end return on all
this so with that in mind the the
debates we've had over audio quality
when I produce these things I produce
them so that there's one stream and it's
a lower res of about a 40 kill bit
stream so that modem users on up can
listen to it with AAC audio that's
actually a very good sounding stream now
back in the olden days it wasn't that
great of a of a stream now now it's a
very good experience but again if you
want to listen to really high quality
audio for 1398 you can listen to it and
don't even have to waste bandwidth you
can just put it in your CD player or I
guess go to the apple store and buy it
for 999
though this is hip-hop and you probably
couldn't find it there the way we
produce and present these things the the
longer-term experience we do the track
by track we really want you to be able
to get into the music and it's been very
successful for bands like The Flaming
Lips was an example of Warner Brothers
Records I think very very happy with
that online listening party where people
could come at any time listen to the
entire album track by track pick the
tracks that they want to hear and it
really helped grow the grass roots of
this of the Flaming Lips release and the
sales grew and people found out about it
was really good way what we generally on
right calm where it's more of a just hey
these are songs you already know
probably hear it isn't a good collection
listen to it we create one stream one
file it's not track by track adjust
streams from beginning to end we tell
you what the what the tracks are in the
listening party but because of you know
it might be a sick CD boxset that we're
doing a listening party of and that
would be a very very large streaming
file so we'll pick out 10 to 20 tracks
and tell you what those are and then you
can click to the product to see what the
full tracklist another reason why it
might not be a full tracklist and
listening party is the artist doesn't
want you to hear everything or in our
case there's often licensing issues
where one track is is owned by a
different company and and they won't
allow us to put up that track in a
listening party without going through
complicated legal movers it's just not
it's not worth it in terms of promotion
how we get these and in general how it's
out there we've got our own internal
email list rosanna or the store
or we go to partners or purchase email
list and then we also try and integrate
the best we can with other on-site
events or on-site communication and then
any off-site communication that we can
tell people about it the think of
particular interest is the lessons that
we've learned of doing these for the
past four years or so five years it's
very important to pay attention to ROI
to return on investment and there are
there are a bunch of different ways to
look at returns of listening parties and
all online opportunities we look at
there's the basic one it for the product
exposure just letting people know that
it exists so that the next time they're
invest by or tower or walmart and they
see it on the shelves they spot it they
recognize that they're interested in the
go and look at it and hopefully buy it
of particular interest to us is brand
awareness because as rhino calm as a
collection of the catalog we want people
to know about Rhiner calm almost as much
as we want people know about the
individual product we want people to
know more about the store and the entire
catalog that we've got we want people to
return to our website not just for this
promotion but for anything else we want
to gather email addresses we want to
make this sale we won't return sales so
all of these things aren't that hard to
track but they're generally forgotten
and they're generally not considered
when you know a listening party is
created and oh my god we got it out and
50,000 people came in to to listen to it
isn't that great and wonderful we we did
a promotion that
due to circumstances happen to be
promoted by Apple for a little longer
than we could be even hoped for and we
got a ton of traffic in we didn't make
any sales there were other ways that we
valued it so that it was a profitable
promotion for us in sort of our soft
returns but these are important things
to know about because production costs
and hosting streaming cause you know
having a ton of people come listen to
your album ain't necessarily great thing
if you're not making any money off of
them were not converting them not
converting that stream and anything that
your new value at all you know at the
end of the month this very large hosting
bill for people that don't remember the
album will never come back never buy it
you know it might be great to be able to
tell your boss and I'm working a report
that 50 thousand people a day came in
and listen to something but it's even
better to say that and that converted
into 20,000 email signups and then
10,000 return visits and three thousand
purchases and so on and so forth and
what we found is very often a much
smaller far more focused promotion is a
lot more effective than in creating this
big event for the sake of creating a big
event telling all these big partners
about it and getting yahoo and apple and
everyone else so you get all excited
about it and get in front of millions of
people that couldn't care less and just
have no reason to be interested in what
you're what you're trying to promote you
be far better off spending a little
extra time finding the people that want
this and finding out what they actually
want from it and it could be what we
found in some cases the real hardcore
fans of a particular release that that
we've got they don't need the entire
listening party they know most of the
songs already they need they need other
information
want to stand up reinstated listing for
as a bad idea but it's definitely one of
the things that we that we've learned
over the years is just having something
up and going is not necessarily a good
thing is we think that the next step in
in new media record label new media
marketing is to be able to figure out
your returns and what's effective and
what's not effective and so that we stop
wasting our time and do things that are
really worth it and worth it to the fans
and and finding out what they want and
what's valuable to them that's it for me
and then George Lydecker part of one of
music groups studio services I'm not
eager thank you I could have the most
got it already okay that's me I'm George
Lydecker I've senior director of studio
services for Warner brother records now
warner music group and we're i'm going
to give you kind of a little bit of an
overview of what's behind the covers on
preparing the content that that these
people need for for doing listening
parties and to do all the other content
audio content we're in charge of
preparing all of that so give you a
quick walkthrough of that of our current
content creation process by the way our
group also created all the content that
you're using on the iTunes at least from
the Warner Music Group perspective part
of what we do is is that our our audio
ingest process is currently integrated
with the manufacture of physical product
as well as all of the online product
everything we do is a hundred percent Q
seat and a hundred percent listen to we
feel that the quality of the audio is
very important and that every encode and
everything that's ever that we ever
produce if it's if it's of none of the
best quality it's not it's not good for
the consumer
other part of it that most people don't
think about when they're making content
is the accuracy of the metadata and all
of the associated things that go along
with it and part of what we have to
deliver to anybody in the form of online
content is all of the graphics all of
the album art all of the metadata the
track listings the UPC numbers the isrc
numbers all of those things are very
important that go along with it they're
in an earlier session where we're
talking about enhanced CDs and there was
a complain about liner notes we're
strategically placing ourselves in a
position to have that content ready for
when people ask for it so that the line
if there's line or no data if there's
other information ancillary information
we can get to that oops it two of them
one sound samples or create one of the
things that's unique to us is that we
actually hand listen or listen
individually to the sound samples we
have an operator that actually selects
the hook or selects what he feels that
the that the listener is going to
identify as the best part of the song
and we actually drill down to that and
then then create the sound sample for
the 30 seconds around that sound sample
creation is also integrated into our
into our supply chain as well at the
point that we create the tape masters or
the audio Masters that are going to
create our content is at the point that
we also create the sound samples because
of that sound the sound samples are in
addition spect inspecting one hundred
percent so that we know that the quality
of them are as good or is just as good
wanting to speak a little bit about AAC
is a quality in code we are so pleased
to have apple and to pick mpeg-4 and AAC
as the codec of choice for a couple of
reasons one is that we have a lot of
legacy content because we've been using
AAC and we think it's a great codec
we've been doing listening tests we've
done double-blind tests with it and it's
probably the best codec you're going to
get as a deer CD experience and it just
keeps getting better so we really like
the fact that they they picked that and
that they picked mpeg-4 which is
essentially a standard
the other thing is is that as I say it
does compare well as we've done
listening Testaments with with the waves
at the higher bit rates we're using
we're currently encoding at 128 bit
rates for for a lot of the stuff that
we're now delivering we've also
investigated newer newer versions and
they are getting better and better even
at the lower bit rates we've we've done
some extensive testing of aac+ and we're
now looking at at the point of which
that may be integrated into our
electronic supply chain it's performed
very well for a lot of our tests future
development we'd like to see more
developers take advantage of using
command line capabilities of Mac OS 10
that's another great thing is that we're
really happy with mac OS 10 with the bsd
unix shell in there so that we can have
command line access to command line
executables that we can use to do
massive encodes and stuff like that it's
been really good for us so far they will
help they will help other content
providers create a lots of content what
we want to see is just a lot of content
out of there that that's available for
people to get to we're working on and we
would like to see the development of
tools that will allow the conversion of
legacy AAC content to quicktime we have
a lot of AAC content that we've created
for other vendors like like liquid and
other others like music match and stuff
like that where we have a AC content
that we could convert to MPEG 4 and
quicktime 6 content we want to get that
out there as well and this is a quick
couple of quick shots of our content
preparation team this is this is where
we do one hundred percent listening of
the audio to check the wave files it's
one of our listeners they go through and
check off all the ways and then they
also make sure that the upc's the file
name is correct and that the metadata is
correct as well on that
this is eric is listening to and
creating the actual sound samples he
picks the hook and the sound sample
edits is down to 30 seconds put in the
phase and and creates the individual
sound samples and as you can see with
that nice g3 there we use Mac hardware
as long as we can and the thing is is
that it does have a long wonderful life
because we can use we've used some of
older or older machines forever and this
is master preparation in this case I
think this individuals using Pro Tools
most of our most of our professional
audio tools or sonic solution pro tools
are all mac base as well as our video
encoding we do all the video encoding of
music videos that are in our area this
is one of our video encoders this is
truly doing some of one of them one of
the music videos which goes into our
asset repository does the video encoding
we feed it in from our video room which
is just out of sight in the room next
door through SDI off of Abijah beta into
a sinewave and then then do our
subsequent QuickTime encodes from there
and this is our this is our massive
encoding engines we've got a lot of 1
gigahertz this is only part of it 1
gigahertz CPUs we're starting to
integrate some Darwin machines into this
to do encoding for for quicktime mpeg-4
and and other stuff that we can deliver
to bend then ben and i are anxiously
trying to get down the road and doing
all of this next to that which is just
out of sight we have our own cisco
switch which fiber connects to a 35
terabyte server upstairs where we will
reload to content on too but anyway
that's just a quick look at the stuff
that we're doing in the stuff that we're
creating to support listening parties
and and to provide the content that's
necessary so i'm going to turn this over
to Ryan he's going to get over to go
over some of the details on actually on
actually creating the listening party
thank you
[Applause]
well now that you know that extreme
listening parties are a great idea and
that AAC is awesome let's kind of go
over what the process is to make these
happen but talk a little bit about the
encoding process and some of the tools
involved at all these steps the encoding
preparation posting and the serving side
of things so first let's talk about
encoding and hinting so of course you
all know that the quicktime player does
an excellent job of encoding AAC
actually you can even use a little tool
called applescript and start scripting
it and create your own poor man's
version or smart man's version of sound
corrected me yesterday of cleaner so I
these things are actually available on
on South website to download and encode
all of your audio of course cleaner so
it's a great version to do if you have
video especially involved and dupree
processing and handle quite a bit of all
your processing needs compressor our own
little tool that integrates very well
with final cut pro and iTunes so if
you're going to do strictly audio the
encoder 4 mp3 and AAC in itunes is
incredible so it's a really great way
and especially since it includes all the
metadata on the file names it's a good
thing to do and then there's this nifty
little tool called QT media this is
actually included in the next version of
OS 10 server it goes along with QT SS
it's a command-line tool that you can
use to automate all of the hinting the
fast starting and annotation data of any
quicktime media so it's a really neat
thing to use and so you can execute a
perl script or whatever you need a shell
script to make this happen if you have
large batches of data and it's
interesting to note this when you
actually create media most people have a
problem when they try to receive it from
the server they get a 415 error what is
this thing well you get this error if
you don't actually hint your media so
you a pulse crypt is a great way to do
it if you haven't done it if you haven't
already done it to your media you can
use it a quick Apple script from a Sal's
website to do batching code
hint of all your files or you can use
that cutie media which is really neat so
I'll talk a bit about once you got these
files what do you do with it you got to
put it on a server of some kind so cute
ESS or Darwin handles us well they're
both free available with auntie couch SS
is pre-installed in in Mac OS 10 server
and dss is the Darwin version the
open-source version of our server that's
available for free on our website and
it's available for I think pre-compiled
for NT and Linux and all kinds of other
fun stuff you need some kind of FTP
software pop them up on the server and a
web browser that's all you need once you
got that you're done so that was quick
time pro and you've got a complete and
code solution and you're ready to go so
let's talk a bit about the preparation
in the posting of process once you got
these files you got to throw them up on
the server using your FTP software you
put them in you on the server you put
them in your library quicktime streaming
server directory and now what what do
you do well it's really simple just a
couple clicks I'm just going to go
through it here you select the playlist
you want to start a new one it takes you
hear you click on the new movie playlist
button link and this is the last step
all you do is you give it a name you
select the play mode and there are three
play modes sequential what steps through
your whole list of items in your
playlist one at a time but then stops
the playlist once it's done or there's
sequential looped which does the same
thing but it loops it added infinitum
until you decide hey that enough of that
and then there's a random weighted
version which you can also would set the
playlist the weight in the playlist and
that's that little column on the right
there you can say I want to play this
512 up to 10 and basically that just
that waits it in the list and it plays
it randomly based upon that weight so if
you have a ten it's ten times more
likely than a one to appear in the
playlist it's very handy to do if you're
going to actually do this for a long
time you can even do a radio station
that way
should you so desire and with the latest
version of quicktime streaming server
you can upload and change the playlist
on the fly which is kind of nice so you
really can get a kind of a radio wave
you could create your own radio station
a number of college stations have
actually done this it's interesting to
note this mount point thing this is
actually the most confusing thing
perhaps of the whole process this is
that what you're going to call basically
the link to your mature playlist and
I'll show you exactly how that plays out
here say you have a server named dr.
evil this would be if you created an
Interpol playlist and called it Interpol
ftp as your mount point this would be
your link to your playlist really pretty
straightforward you type that into the
quicktime player in the open URL command
you and you'll be able to receive it no
problem if you've already put hit start
which all you have to do is hit that
play button and you're done you're going
so it's that simple and it's really
basic and this is basically it becomes
live so it's recorded media that you can
serve out and it's stream so people
can't randomly access the list if you
don't want them to which is quite nice
so let's talk a little bit about the
delivery what actually happens after
this you have to prepare it in some way
to make it actually presentable to
people so they can see it and have an
enjoyable experience especially if you
have an audio only playlist you want to
have some kind of visual experience so
you need a couple tools you make rest
movie which prepares it's a free web
tool be on our website and it just
creates a rest movie which is a way to
put one link on your web page and based
upon the selection of the user they say
they have a 300 kilobits they can
receive up to the ISDN say so they could
it figures out which bitrate they should
get based upon what they've selected so
if they have that ISDN they can get 100k
stream which feeds them 100k stream that
simple and I'll go bitten into that in
the next slide Apple scripts like I said
on south side there's a whole bunch that
help you with preparation of the media
after that you have on the server the
rest
movies and add annotations and such and
also then qg stream splicer which is
another free tool that we have that
allows you in a live stream so even if
you're using broadcaster if you have a
28 k stream and you want to have a video
experience you use this tool and it puts
that on to the stream for you and use
that on rest movies not on the media
itself so then you create your rest
movie so I've got three links here i
have a 56 103 hundred k version of the
stream and you can have an uber s movie
a rest movie that figures out that's the
one you put on your web page it figures
out what bitrate you've got and gives
you the stream so that points to three
other rough movies in this case that
points to the sdp files so those three
ref movies in the middle have the links
that are above and the reason I do that
is it kind of you don't have to ever
update the you Burress movie you can
just leave that alone you don't have to
change your website you don't have to
change anything you just change the
files that are on your server which is
kind of handy so then you have to put on
your website well there's this nasty
nasty tag name the object tag that
allows you to get around the whole IE
not using netscape style plugins so
don't worry about this there's a link
later on that tells you where to get all
this information and how to put it
together yourself but this is what you
put into your web page to basically
launch the quicktime player from your
web page or launch the quicktime plugin
so now there's just a couple delivery
options i want to go over see if you
have an audio only stream say you want
to add some annotation data you want to
display that alongside well you can
stream quick that you can in QuickTime
you can stream text tracks as well so
that's what this radio station AV deck
they do an indie radio out of England it
allows you to give you some annotation
data along with it and it changes with
every song so it's really kind of neat
or you can throw in some video tracks
like I said before you can put it in and
put it in with the stream itself so that
it changes with by song or anything like
that it's really quite nice okay you get
some wonderful video experience and then
also you can put on top of this with
time and href track so if somebody were
to actually click on it you have a
button on there it says hey click here
to buy now or click here to see the
website or listen more or whatever you
want they can click on that it launches
a web browser and puts it right next to
it really neat experience we actually
have that in the quicktime player you
can we do it all the time when you
launch it the first time it comes up
with something we call the cutie pics
and it'll you can click on that and
it'll take you usually to the website or
to the quick itunes music stores
anything like that and now i'm going to
bring up John Anderson here to show you
what's coming next with quicktime
streaming server and some great tools we
have so as we said on John Anderson I'm
an engineer on the QuickTime streaming
server team and what I'm showing you
today is cute ESS publisher and
basically this is a way to automate a
lot of the things that Ryan was just
kind of talking about so I mean you can
go through and you can make the ref
movie yourself you can make sure the
movie is hinted you could go through and
create your web page make the object
tags with all the embed tags inside of
them by hand and and you know i'm sure
you'll go home with a smile on your face
at the end of the day but there there
will be an easier way and that's the
publisher and so i'm going to go ahead
and start the stuff now this what this
does is you run this on any mac on your
network or basically any mac that has
access to your server and can you
connect to your server and then you in
your library this is very similar to
iTunes so in your library you can see a
comprehensive list basically of all of
the media that's that's been uploaded to
your server and if you want to upload
something new then all you do is just
drag it up from the finder and you know
you can pick where where you want it to
go on the server know this is a JPEG so
I'm not going to bother up late
uploading it and you can also see that
like you can see your library both in
hierarchical view and you can see it in
in list view as well so lots of neat
options there
so I'm going to open up my notes real
quick here so I don't get off track and
the next thing that we're going to do is
I'm just going to go ahead and click on
one of these files here we'll go to
losing grip for example go to settings
this is actually a video file but you
can see in your settings here you can
edit the movie adaptations now this is a
beta there's going to be more
annotations in the final version to
match basically the annotations that are
in the quicktime player this means that
instead of having to download a movie
and changing annotations or instead of
having to use command line tools or
something like that remotely you can
just go in right here and change the
annotations and apply them there's also
this URL tab and what it does is
basically what you're looking at is a
repository so anything you put in here
is not immediately publicly available
it's a lot it's basically there for you
to work with so you can go in and once
you check this media is available for
streaming check box then you get a URL
so there's no question about like you
know what how do I get to this movie
what's the rtst URL for this movie it's
right there so I mean you can click on
it and test it and see the movie and I'm
evidently not getting audio I don't mind
so I think I may be working without
notes the next step I'm going to do is
I'm going to look at into some of these
playlists here you can see there's media
playlists which you would use for mpeg-4
or AC files and of course there's mp3
playlist if you want to do shoutcast
streaming but you know you want to do
AAC I've just determined that for you so
what I'm going to do here is I'm going
to create a new media playlist and I'm
just going to call it listening party
so that's going to pop me over right
away into the settings for the playlist
and I'm going to go into this
hierarchical view just so I can go into
my Liz Phair CD here and I'm just going
to go ahead and select the whole thing
and drag it down there and again you
know you can set the play mode and
everything in suits got all the features
as the web admin has but in addition you
have this option here which is you can
broadcast manually which is where you
just click start at any given time and
click stop when you want it to stop and
you can also broadcast at a specific
time so you can see you can actually
make a listening party available at as
in this case a few days ago at noon or
you can write weekly so it does what
kind of neat options and it saves you
from having to write a cron a cron
script or something like that so let's
see
so one thing that's important to note as
well is that like I said this is all
unlike when you put things in the movies
folder to add them to playlists these
are not available on demand so you can
actually make it so that movies are
available only through this listening
party and once the listening party stops
then the movies are no longer available
so that's that's a nice feature as well
and you know the same thing here I'm
going to go here and manually start the
playlist so should be broadcasting at
this point and you'll notice here I go
to the URL tab and if I click on that
then they can hear the playlist in
progress with the live broadcast so yeah
I mean you could hit you could take that
URL and you know use it to make the ref
movie and create all the tags and
everything like that but that seems a
bit inconvenient so what we're going to
do here is we're going to go to the
links tab and what you can see here is
basically a list of everything that's
probably available so every movie that
you've made available for streaming
every playlist that you've set up is
going to show up right here
comprehensively in this in this links
view and over here in the display tab
this is this just basically describes
how you're going to embed this in the
page so for example I could go in here
and I could say just autoplay it soon as
they open this this particular webpage
start playing the stream there's a
bandwidth tab that you can go in here
and basically set up a multi-bit rate
breath movie so this is this is what he
was talking about where you can actually
set up different streams for different
bandwidths and then there's an HTML tab
and so if you have your favorite HTML
editor already set up like BB edit or
dreamweaver or whatever it is that you
use I don't want to spend any developers
out there I'm going to go ahead and open
up bbedit because i have it on here and
i'm going to make the world's simplest
web page so i'm just going to say new
HTML document i'm not even going to
title it
let's take this code and drag it right
into bbedit give it an unimaginative
name and drag it onto safari we have a
web page with that content already
embedded in it so that's pretty cool but
the next step is to be able to take that
and run it through a template and get it
and get an entire web page out of it and
the engine that we use for this is is an
Apache engine the standard is XSL so
it's a very powerful standard you could
even have it make a web page and a PDF
file to go along with it if you wanted
to I mean it's there's lots of neat
stuff you can do with that and so I'm
just going to go ahead and highlight
this listening party and I'm going to go
back to the display tab here and change
it to say it I want to open the
quicktime player we like it when things
open in the quicktime player so and i'm
going to take this JPEG here that just
says click here to listen again not
terribly imaginative but whatever and so
we've set it up differently now it's
going to bed in the page a little bit
differently and so now I'm going to do
is just click make web page and I have a
template setup called listening party
and I'm just going to call it I have no
imagination here i'm going to call this
listening party so that's the name of my
page and i think i'll actually asked yet
so what this is doing actually now is
it's running it through that apache XSL
engine it's creating all the rest movies
on the fly right there and now we have a
page and so I can click on this and it
will open the stream in the quicktime
player hopefully
ok so we're we're running a beta OS so
I'm going to go ahead and force the
quicktime player to quit and give that
another try if it doesn't work then you
get the idea yeah apparently I needed
more creative names but I think you can
probably use your imagination and
realize that that you would be hearing
Liz Phair right now if you weren't
seeing the spinny cursor so that's
that's the publisher kind of a cool tool
and that's coming out with panther so I
hope you all look forward to seeing it
and drink up now that's the way it is by
the sort of this session that I posted
that the first crash i've seen so you're
here you're fine John anyway thank you
that was really good and and clearly you
know sort of we used the context of a
listening party with with albums and
songs and in either the the longer
display that Ben was talking about for
problems that need exposure for the
newer albums that are events but this is
obviously applicable to the audio and
video that makes up a course at higher
education and k12 in learning
institutions any sort of series of
assets can be played sequentially or
randomly or in a weighted random way to
do that so now what I'd like to do is I
guess invite you know all of our
speakers up and we'll try and do a QA
you